#summary Notes on things to fix in and to cakehat.

= Introduction =

This page should function as a general to-do list for things to work on before Fall 2010.  These will be added as issues once they are more ready to be more precisely defined; they are here right now so that they are not forgotten about.

= Details =

  * Implement file locking such that only one person can open a rubric for editing at a time.  (Others should be allowed to open while someone is editing, with a notification that the rubric is being opened read-only).

  * Better manual assignment/reassignment.  In particular, need to be clear about when rubrics should/shouldn't be created new/modified from something previously existing.  Also should have easy ways to see the assignment status of a particular student (either unassigned, or the TA to whom that student is assigned).
-->on a related note, backend users need to be informed in some way when a student who is not in the database has turned in work.  right now, that student will simply be silently not distributed (meaning that we had a student in cs4 whose work we didn't grade for about 5 weeks...)

  * Need ways to get grade reports and charts _out_ of cakehat (email to others, or save to file?)

  * Need better handling of assignments going into the database.  At the very least, need to not get errors when adding new assignment parts, and need to not get an ErrorView for each student when importing lab grades for an assignment not yet added to the DB